a  difference
process  of weeding
touching  your face in order to
order  to simulate the
watching  carefully
she's  actually not just poking at her
tugging  at her ill
sideways  it really is as if she's trying to
of  her so that's not a normal
not  something you'd see someone doing
weeping  earnest
that's  a topic for a video and attention open the video
by  saying
sure  of horrors of vacuum
pretty  sure by using them for a poor
did
i  search for the youth
see  if any one had taken on
there  may be another video there but i could not
dealing  with the diagnostic
he
early  breaking down into
i  mean this
or  talking about she often under the senate i think very few people even dare to
talk  about
in  which
though  i talk about the quiteria and a little bit about why i care
political  in this
shame  us
so  it's not a
he's  trying to do the best job
if  you watch carefully he actually does manage to
his  eyes many people would watch this clip and they who shamed us and as a talented actor
and  as a well trained actor
he  does
get  across some of the words
if  you listen to the critters that video you'll
her  easy to tell the
one  of the dead give away is
the  whistling noise
to  suck his breath in the
sula
a  noise that normally would be made with your no
struggling  is the fact that you have a running nose you don't want to show one camera you don't want to show the hewn the room
and  just look at his notes
there's  no redness there's no congestion obviously doesn't have a running nose at all
sincere  weeping from
sincerely  having a break
notice  that her nose is
long  before she has tears come
and  although she does touch her own fate
her  face repeatedly
she  is neither touching her face in order to conceal
weeping  nor in order to induce
what  most people don't realize about
is  that it begins
if  i were giving advice to young actors
the  main thing i point out
we
a  really useful video as a hit video here on
by  quite a small channel called can
a  long build up
breaking  down weeping on
at  several points he comes close to weister in iris
notice  her nose
bright  red
the  tension in your nose your nose running
his  time reaction if you like centered in your noses that normally happens
long  before
you  have tears coming out of your eyes this is much more difficult
a  really great actor
can  face it the average crime you to
they  imitate
the  outward signs
rather  than the inner processes because your nose becomes congested normally
long  before you have tears in
the  way your voice sounds starts
and  there were a number of noises associated
snuff  up and struggle against this tendency of your nose to run
and  by the way there's a separate noise when you're really upset
gasping
at  the back of your
this  kind of case he really said it'll be ragged
this  kind of noise again very hard for me to imitate now
this  is also not a whistling noise
so  someone who is
crying  in having a fit breakdown
one  of the first things
the  main point on the check list
his  watch their nose watch their nose leading up to
we
and  then during weeping
you  don't weep through your eyes you went to your
behavior  the
intended
it
most
did  give
if  you are good actor
prepare  before you go on an
things  that
problem  is if you're not a very good actor you actually doing these things on camera
trooping  the performer
so  i mentioned earlier actually touching your face and touching his trinket yourself the cry will ye
your  basically showing the audience
a  crime by doing that
in  the process of telling the story if they are seeing things and doing
that  are meant to draw motion out of themselves not of the audience out of themselves
the  fact that they are trying to push themselves to break down
give  away that may not always be a simple as checking whether or not they have
many  of the criteria for distinguishing real weeping from
our  very culturally spec
i  once read a book that was written by
british  intelligence unit guy
he  was like but he was a scientist and he
some  advising
as  i say i read this book i stood there on the shop flipping through it reading legislating my
the  check list that this guy had for how to tell of some one was lying or being
was  all uniquely british
even  then it was sort of only like british aristocrat or british upper class
it  wouldn't be true of a poor person from downtown london or
while  he was lifting off all these peculiar things that british people do to indicate that their nervous and not telling
the  truth but like you know you can wish could talk the author and say don't you realize this isn't even
true  of the germans this isn't true with a french like these observations are giving our suppressed
now  with that man said
when  you talk about having a running nose and the redness of
obviously  someone who has a very dark complexion it may not be redness
there's  an underlying response there again it's not so different from having an allergy or being stuffed up there's
going  to be something closely equivalent
fundamental  observation about the nose across all culture
one  of the signs that really differs from culture to culture and that people who are fat crying
dissimulate  inaccurately
the  issue of touching yourself where you imagine you are feeling
many  people in their weeping they'll touch themselves on a heroine i have no hair till the poother
fingers  here expressing anxiety
were  you don't you don't actually have pain on the part of your
this  is more cultural and more personal more sacred
some  people may actually touch their chests
and  again the could be very different for a korean of someone who grew up in india so coleopterous
and  then we took different parts
of  their
one  of the interesting is there almost always applying pressure
some  part of their body or nervous system
to  try to get
call  a comforting feeling i personally should don't don't interpret that it's
so  cold self to think or comfort
fundamentally  weeping
open
it's  not actually something that you
this  also interesting about the easier training actors
when  you weep and you're not watching yourself on came
you  imagine that you're trying to conceal it but even if you're weeping with
and  if you want yourself on camera which are realized is no you actually broadcasting her weep you actually acting
there  openly and it's because you know it's an evolved
that  we have it's a way of in one human being indicating you another i am cured a anguish
i'm  in true
don't  hurt me please help me
it  is an open
and  a lot of people who are
pretending  to be
cried
they'll  take these kinds of motions
pressing  their hands against their face or body
peculiar  function of
and  they'll turn it into a concealing
which  it isn't covering up your mouth covering up your whole face and
i'm  not going to tell you that nobody ever has done this while we think sincerely
you  probably would be surprised if you fill yourself having a genuine breakdown a genuinely
we  began i can show a clip here from candid mammy when she's having a break down on captaining alone
the  camera in art
surprised  how open and vocal expressive how much your broadcasting our
feeling  is that is what you want to do weeping is a signal weeping is a fool
communication  so this point take a step back and just make a comparison to how the light
detector
works  for intelligence
people  have the mice
take  a human being
attaching  to a light tenor
just  tell you whether they're telling the truth or
not  true even though it's been done on t v shows and so
the  way the sea really uses
they  have a case agent or feel agent who
in  some of
and  they haven't come into a meeting once every month or once every two months
ask  him exactly
the  behavior of the needles so called polygraph test what measures
meaningless
however  by asking exactly the same question again and again and again over
they  will notice if they can that person come in to take the
and  then the responses are on one particular
i  know believe one case in which an agent becoming a double agent was
and  caught this
but  you can imagine
the  responses could be for some other reason let's say you have can
he's  become addicted to gambling
in  debt and he's worried that he's running as
so  he comes in answer to these questions but he's kind of concealing something and he's messed up and he's destroyed
below  don't know what he's concealing you don't know why his answers are different or why is emotional state is different
answered  the bugout you can tell that something is
absolutely  the only scientifically valid function of a polygraph desk
like  if you have some one come in and you ask them the question did you take any bribe this
they  say no you have the command and asked the same question you take any price as much as your
quinault  the attack is that one month or another they were feeling or thinking in an irregular
way  that were reacting emotionally somewhat differently than the other consideration hypothetically
you  could have some one who is accepting bribes every single time at the question and he wanted equally
dishonestly  every time and none of the answers to the dot so there are limits that i could do in the polygraph
in  the same way as soon as you take a step past really universal
biological  functions like the nose running before the eyes
once  you get into these more particular signals but where is the person place their hands against their
face  as their chest soon and so for
then  the most powerful mode of interpretation is
compare  videotape of the
sincerely
instinct
aeonian  again if
you're  an actor if you want to learn how to take it you can do this yourself if you can try to put on a performance
and  then go back and you have you to bissell will you break down gringoire you also can take a
look  and try to learn for
but  i'd be very reluctant to universalize or generalize
about  these things
well  especially when you're dealing with people
all  over the world in
why  is this interesting to
not  because of any part
the
it's  interestin nor i think
and  big crying can be used
a  message
come  on here now and safe cry about how terrible global warming is maybe
i  would get the point across whatever that sight of he doesn't really interest
what  interests me is the fact that political authorities
judges
police  officer
generally
he  and distinguish real from fake emotions that they can
distinguish  honest answers from dishonest
and  one social science study after another one experiment after another proves
that  no they can't very often in our culture authority figures are actually
bad  at judging these things and when you stop them and ask them how did you determine
that  this person was lying or that there are tears
they  can't even give the coincidences that have said here in this short video
i  had a conversation with an old british intelligent
retired  from
she  had the experience
interrogated
muslim  refugee
women  and they chose to do these interviews wearing the full veils
only  their eyes were visible through a
so  his ability to judge to what extent they were telling the truth being honest dishonest when working through a translator
and  a huge cultural barrier was
and  his mean method of detecting proving that they were lying
was  actually not catching them
pretend  that he was coaching them to give a more convincing a more believable
story  and he gave me a real example of a woman who began her story by describing how
the
the  room she was kept
it  was a room that barely had
two  or three people to
and  then later
she  claimed that for the guards for their all came into the room at
and  raped her
sultan
and  he behaved as if he was coaching her to have a more believable story to oh but you know he said
the  room was so small before shall i write it down as forty or could i change it
to  four for would be more believable without be bet for your application for
this  way he would draw and encourage them to make mistakes he would make them feel that
they  could trust him and they could even ask his advice for how to have a more moisture
so  authority figures are put in these ridiculous situations where i guess we
pretend  as a society that they can distinguish
truth  from fiction right from wrong honesty from dishonesty real tiers from fate
and  were in fact they don't even have the opportunity that we have here an you to press
pause  rewind compare a video of some other emotional breakdown consider a whole lot
of  things
if  you want to play detective
there  were a lot of ways can do with you and you tube that judges lawyers doctors
policemen  never have the opportune
so  he had a profound question of society and it's a rare case where the world of acting
may  be overlaps with
the
and  i had really brief disclaimer
fact  that someone
the  fact that someone is sincerely crying
doesn't  mean that the telling the truth